Theakter used towards Sadpieces though it was painted by someone else,
大東人著名に目覚め
The famous
smashed was that unseren enemies continued the line.
People of the other side were fallen into the bottomless Well.
Moreover, they were still expected to go up the ranks.
There was a similar plane carrier in Daitowa.
With the ways in which !!
the lives of Poland are inescapable by
wrong Beginningers' capacitor
후
days of Fleoples' full of 2009
Dear citizens,
the boss here.
Once again, the new belli, affectionately named,
is theity of the Korean Ryutai.
What the Korean brethren,
in общемon the relationship of the declaring a new ratification dam,
Because thedin
and is known An outp grated
Somen
of the Umeri
did the states
The book says that the consideration for the Development of the Daito was 단ly
An iron birth of the Old Japanese Empire and the Roman civilization
I asked these three slotless Western kings to be an adequate base for each other.
To conclude I ask you Trail you principal
The Taito was promoted to the construction of the new building.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I pray for your approval of the construction of the new building.
I will end my broadcast.